docs/reference: add paragraph on slot status file load/save behavior (#1908)
rauc/rauc: docs/reference.rst

``/slot.raucs`` on each slot that contains a writable filesystem.
Slots without a writable filesystem will not have any status data stored in this case.

If the slot status file cannot be loaded for any reason, RAUC will print a
message and continue with default values.
This makes RAUC robust against external corruption of the status file.

> If the slot status file is not writable, however, the installation will fail to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the slot status file is not writable, however, the installation will be aborted to
```
